License for Tuscarora Framework and associated software by The Samraksh Company

This research was developed with funding from the Defense Advanced Research 
Projects Agency (DARPA). The views, opinions, and/or findings contained in this 
software/article/presentation are those of the author(s)/presenter(s) and should 
not be interpreted as representing the official views or policies of the 
Department of Defense or the U.S. Government.

The U.S. government or any of its branches including DARPA does not endorse or 
recommend this software, its underlying technology and methodologies and is not 
liable in any form for the software.

This software is distributed without any restrictions on its use and without 
any expectation of contributions back to it. Individuals and organizations are 
free to use, modify and redistribute it.

You are welcome to make contributions to this software.  Any contributions to 
it is considered a public release of the source. Do NOT contribute proprietary, 
trade secret or export-controlled material. 

This software is work in progress. Samraksh intends to continue its development 
and does not make any guarantee as to its usability, reliability, 
standardization or backward compatibility. Samraksh reserves the right to modify 
any part of the system, its design and implementation(s). Samraksh also reserves 
the right to open source the entire repository including any contributions from 
other individuals or organizations at a future date.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON 
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
